# 6004-01-FinalProject
### Because of their latent potential in interpreting unstructured text, numerous firms and research groups have invested significant money in developing question answering systems over the years. These systems, which are a big aspect of artificial intelligence, try to capture the semantic and syntactic links between words in current language. Our group attempted to reproduce Bidirectional Attention Flow, one of the most effective question-answering models in recent years, as part of our research into cutting-edge question-answering models.
### In this project, We want to identify answers in the SQuAd dataset, which contains tens of thousands of paragraph question pairs. To do so, we used the Bi-directional Attention Flow model (BiDAF), which is widely used in NLP to solve question answering difficulties. Using GloVe word embeddings, we encode the question and the accompanying context paragraph, compute an attention matrix, then decode the context paragraph to determine the answer to the question.
### In natural language processing, answering questions is a major goal. While high-performance generic question-answering is still out of reach for machine learning, computers are capable of good performance in many domain-specific question-answering tasks, and they can do pretty well when the issue domain is restricted significantly. The fact that the answer to the question must be a continuous segment of the matching paragraph simplifies the problem to determining the solution's start and end words in our scenario.
